# expense-studio

This project contains the `json` for a studio IVR flow that can be hosted on Twilio.

## Deploy the studio flow

You should have a basic Twilio account set up, you should buy a phone number that the messages will be sent from.

> Ensure the number is SMS capable!

1. Head to the `flows` under the `studio` product in the Twilio console from the left hand menu.

2. Press the `+` to create a new flow as select `from JSON`. Copy the json in `expense-report-flow.json` and paste it in the area.

3. Alter the `run_ivr_complete` widget's request url to match the url of your deployed IVR Complete Lambda.

4. Hit the publish button.

5. Head back to your purchased phone number and connect the number

## Use the SAM CLI to build and test locally

Build your application with the following commands.

1. In the `lambdas` folder.

```bash
lambdas$ npm run build
```

2. In the `expense-app` folder.

```bash
expense-app$ sam build
```

The SAM CLI installs dependencies defined in `lambdas/package.json`, creates a deployment package, and saves it in the `.aws-sam/build` folder.

Test a single function by invoking it directly with a test event. An event is a JSON document that represents the input that the function receives from the event source.

Run functions locally and invoke them with the `sam local invoke` command.

```bash
expense-app$ sam local invoke putItemFunction --event events/event.json
```

The SAM CLI can also emulate your application's API. Use the `sam local start-api` to run the API locally on port 3000.

```bash
expense-app$ sam local start-api
expense-app$ curl http://localhost:3000/
```

The SAM CLI reads the application template to determine the API's routes and the functions that they invoke. The `Events` property on each function's definition includes the route and method for each path.

```yaml
Events:
  HelloWorld:
    Type: Api
    Properties:
      Path: /hello
      Method: get
```

## Add a resource to your application

The application template uses AWS Serverless Application Model (AWS SAM) to define application resources. AWS SAM is an extension of AWS CloudFormation with a simpler syntax for configuring common serverless application resources such as functions, triggers, and APIs. For resources not included in [the SAM specification](https://github.com/awslabs/serverless-application-model/blob/master/versions/2016-10-31.md), you can use standard [AWS CloudFormation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-template-resource-type-ref.html) resource types.

## Fetch, tail, and filter Lambda function logs

To simplify troubleshooting, SAM CLI has a command called `sam logs`. `sam logs` lets you fetch logs generated by your deployed Lambda function from the command line. In addition to printing the logs on the terminal, this command has several nifty features to help you quickly find the bug.

`NOTE`: This command works for all AWS Lambda functions; not just the ones you deploy using SAM.

```bash
expense-app$ sam logs -n HelloWorldFunction --stack-name expense-app --tail
```

You can find more information and examples about filtering Lambda function logs in the [SAM CLI Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/serverless-sam-cli-logging.html).

## Unit tests

Tests are defined in the `lambdas/tests` folder in this project. Use NPM to install the [Mocha test framework](https://mochajs.org/) and run unit tests.

```bash
expense-app$ cd hello-world
hello-world$ npm install
hello-world$ npm run test
```

## Cleanup

To delete the application that you created, use the AWS CLI. Assuming you used your project name for the stack name, you can run the following:

```bash
aws cloudformation delete-stack --stack-name expense-app
```

## Resources

See the [AWS SAM developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/serverless-application-model/latest/developerguide/what-is-sam.html) for an introduction to SAM specification, the SAM CLI, and serverless application concepts.

Next, you can use AWS Serverless Application Repository to deploy ready to use Apps that go beyond hello world samples and learn how authors developed their applications: [AWS Serverless Application Repository main page](https://aws.amazon.com/serverless/serverlessrepo/)
